Document action needed in Palette if Vcntr pwd changes: doc-866 (#1547)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/data-center/vmware.md

| **Username** | vCenter username|
| **Password** | vCenter password|

:::caution

> If you change the password for a user account in Vcenter, you must also change it in Palette for the same VMware cloud account. We suggest updating the passwords sequentially to avoid potentially locking Palette out of Vcenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the password for a user account in Vcenter, you must also change it in Palette for the same VMware cloud account. We recommend updating the passwords immediately to avoid potentially locking Palette out of Vcenter.
```
using the terms "we suggests" feels like we are trying to put some distance between us and the reader. We recommend is more accurate reflection of the message we want to convey.

Author: Changed.

1. From the **Menu Menu** navigate to **Clusters** > **Add New Cluster** > **Deploy New Cluster** and select **VMware**. 
2. Click on **Start VMware Configuration**.
3. In the **Cloud Account** field, use the drop-down menu to choose the account with the changed password.
4. Update the password in the **Password** field and click **Validate**. 

> 5. Confirm your changes. 

Reviewer: I recommend we move the lil mini-how-to to it's own section. This can be a `###` heading or a `## ` you call.
That way, we can link to this section from the callout box.
And we can link to this section in a future troubleshooting document. (Out of scope for now).
The validation part can be a sentence that explains the validation is done by the Validation button and incorrect credentials will result in an error. We can also advice the user to attempt to deploy a cluster as well.
Prereqs would be to have access to the vCenter credentials

Author: Incorporated comments.

| **Username** | vCenter username|
| **Password** | vCenter password|

:::caution

If you change the password for a user account in vCenter, you must also change it in Palette for the same VMware cloud account. We recommend updating the passwords immediately to avoid potentially locking Palette out of vCenter. For guidance, refer to [Change VMware Cloud Account Password in Palette](/clusters/data-center/vmware#change-vmware-cloud-account-password-in-palette).

:::

> ## Change VMware Cloud Account Password in Palette

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change VMware Cloud Account Password
```
I'm trying to think of ways to shorten the title. So far the best idea I have is to remove "in Palette". Thoughts?

Author: @karl-cardenas-coding I also pondered how to shorten it. I'll delete "in Palette".

The user account password in vCenter must match the password for the corresponding VMware cloud account in Palette. This section provides steps to change the password in Palette in the event the vCenter password changes.

### Prerequisites

- Access to the vCenter credentials.

> ### Change the Password in Palette

Reviewer: We need to add our regular, 1. Log in to Palette.
